Framework winforms article is missing the New menu strip step (#1672)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/controls/how-to-create-an-mdi-window-list-with-menustrip-windows-forms.md

  
3. Add two top-level menu items to the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.MenuStrip> and set their <xref:System.Windows.Forms.Control.Text%2A> properties to `&File` and `&Window`.  
  

> 4. Add two submenu items to the `&File` menu item and set the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ToolStripItem.Text%2A> property to `&Open` and `&New`.  

Author: ```suggestion
4. Add two submenu items to the `&File` menu item and set their <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ToolStripItem.Text%2A> properties to `&Open` and `&New`.  
```
